Into Flames
07/08/2021 06:13 PM

Welcome to my Mount and Blade Journey! This is <b>not a fresh
playthrough</b>, rather this is me simply writing about my current
on-going playthrough!

For a "pilot episode" this ends quite disasterously for me. Let's
start introductions! In the war-torn landmass of Calradia laid a
humble warband of a hundred men. Lead by a man in steel armor with an
imposing war-mask.

That leader is Sean:

<img src="screenshots/20210708162756_1.jpg"/>

Not being the greatest warrior, he is an opportunist. Honorable on a
whim, and monster in some instances. While his journey began quite
well, only recently he had begun to find success. Recently opening
several dyeworks and businesses to the point where he is no longer in
the red while paying for his warbands' wages.

With a hundred well-armed and trained men, surely Calradia would fall
to his knees! In time of course. Sean is ensigned to a mercenary
contract for the Kingdom of Rhodok, merely because of his previous
history with the country.

Once upon a time, Sean was a vassal for <b>King Graveth</b> and owned
the fief of <b>Jelkala</b>. That was the <b>Sarranid Sultante</b>
declared war. Through the campaign set in the fall of 1257, Sean and
the Counts of Rhodok fought against the Sultante. Unfortunately it was
realized too late that Sean believed the kingdom was ill-prepared for
war. One fateful day, Sean had attempted to defend the fief of Jelkala
from the <b>Sarranid Sultante</b>. Unfortunately the Sarranids came
with over 300 men, whilst Sean isolated from the remaining Counts
stood his ground with a mere 80 men.

Unfortunately as of late Sean had been facing a dry spell. Battles had
been leading into a great many number of defeats against the vast
armies of the Sultante. It was after the siege of <b></b> and the loss
of his fief that Sean was taken prisoner, and from that point forth
swore vengence against the cursed Sarranids.

Upon his escape, he renounced his vassalship for fear of his life, and
instead decided to become a mercenary for the kingdom.

Unfortunately no one said Sean was a very wise man. Still seething
over his embarrassing defeat, Sean was insulted over the newly
announced truce between the <b>Kingdom of Rhodok</b> and the
<b>Sarranid Sultante</b>. He decided to take matters into his own
hands. Over several passing weeks he would harass the villages of the
Sarranids, and once his warband grew, he began hunting small
detachments of Sarranid armies. Emerging victorious for many of them.

To Sean's expectations, this results in war incited between the
<b>Kingdom of Rhodok</b> and the <b>Sarranids</b>. Understandably King
Graveth was quite pissed, and after a couple of weeks, another peace
treaty was signed.

Fast forward some time, the most recent event of note was the capture
of <b>Suno</b> by Sean and various counts of the <b>Kingdom of
Rhodok</b>. Due to the orders of Count Kurnias, attempted to incite a
war between the <b>Khergit Khanate</b>. Unfortunately this plan didn't
work, however they are aggressive against Sean for the raids that were
done against villagers.

At this point in time Sean has a reputation for beating many leaders
of the Khergit, and particularly the Sarranid Sultante.

Resuming from present day, Sean had been attempting to train and level
his men, and had been travelling around the northern part of Calradia.
He had discovered a band of deserters and decided to go for some easy
pickings.

<img src="screenshots/20210708163253_1.jpg"/> <img
src="screenshots/20210708163402_1.jpg"/>

Expectedly, the deserting Nords were slaughtered and crushed by this
band of warriors.

Oh cool! The weekly account has been settled! Still in the green.

<img src="screenshots/20210708163708_1.jpg"/>

Anyways, being quite bored over the state of affairs and itching for a
battle. Sean finds the Boyer Dhashwal alone on a patrol. As is usual
for him, he decides to go ahead and battle the Boyer.

Cursed snow-blindness... This battle of 36 against 100... Goes as
about exactly as you'd expect. A one-sided slaughter.

<img src="screenshots/20210708163910_1.jpg"/> <img
src="screenshots/20210708163934_1.jpg"/>

Having scratched his minor itch for battle, Sean quickly discovers
that the <b>Kingdom of Swadia</b> had declared war on the <b>Kingdom
of Rhodoks</b>! This might be bad for our many Swadian soldiers... Of
course, as I discovered, this would be bad in more ways than forcing
brothers against each other.

Sean decides to travel southwards back into Rhodok territory when he
encounters Count Despin's Party. Hoping to peck off a few forces, he
wonders if he can pursue them. However <b>Count Reland</b> orders for
Sean's appearance. So he heads towards <b>Uxkhal</b> where a healthy
amount of men are stationed. Seemingly preparing for a siege.

<img src="screenshots/20210708164313_1.jpg"/>

Reland asks for Sean to follow him, and requests him to scout several
times. He declines as he finds the work quite menial and frankly
boring. Eventually he gives up following Reland's party and ventures
into the wild, searching for more warbands to level his soldiers.

Unfortunately he gets exactly what he asked for, as Swadian
<b>Raich</b> approaches.

<img src="screenshots/20210708164542_1.jpg"/>

Shit! Now he'll see what it's like to be on the other side of a
massacre. Hundreds of Swadians line up on the other side of the field
as Sean's mercenaries approach a hill. Seeing the numbers, in spite of
all sense of self-preservation, he orders his men to battle as they
always had. As best as he could afford to anyways.

Charging on his Courser he tries to peck off archers as in his
experience he found them (and Calvarymen) to be amongst the most
dangerous of his adverseries. While the battle was violent and
bloody. Sean and his party were at the very least seeming to manage
against the first detachment. Bodies strewn across the battlefield,
while horses without their riders gallop wildly. A chaotic confusion
in the battlefield as any remaining semblance of tactics disappeared.

<img src="screenshots/20210708164627_1.jpg"/>

Of course, this was only the first detachment. While not to his
surprise, but very much to his horror. He witnessed the second half of
the 250 men approaching.

<img src="screenshots/20210708164828_1.jpg"/>

After the first initial defeat, Sean recovers enough to try one last
stand...

<img src="screenshots/20210708165105_1.jpg"/>

16 men against 86... While the party had done quite a number, all it
took was a single arrow to knock Sean off his horse unconsious.  Upon
recovery, he decided his life was worth more than honor, and he fled.

Unfortunately the Count was quite persistent, and eventually caught
Sean. The bastard! Seeing no choice as fight or not would end in
defeat. He decided to follow what would've happened anyways...

<img src="screenshots/20210708165123_1.jpg"/>

Upon surrender Sean had lost nearly all of his companions. Fortunately
he was left his arms and armor. With a meager 3 men, he had to set out
and rebuild his warband again. The only solace taken was that he would
consistently make a 3000 denar profit each week due to the lack of
wages to pay.

So with this in mind, Sean had a set out across the few non-hostile
villages (which basically only included the Kingdom of Rhodok and the
Nords) and attempted to recruit villagers. Along the way Sean had to
battle yet another Count.

<img src="screenshots/20210708170646_1.jpg"/>

Sean unfortunately recognizes that this is not a Swadian. Rather a
former Emir, who had defected from the Sarranids. However he can
honestly remember if this was one of the many Emirs he battled, and
nor did he care. Foreseeing this would be another lopsided massacre,
Sean sacrifices a few men and flees with the survivors.

Unfortunately this has proven to be quite the bad Spring, as in spite
of this the Emir caught up, and decided to beat the living shit out of
his party.

<img src="screenshots/20210708170943_1.jpg"/>

Fortunately this time, Sean survives without getting held prisoner,
and escapes. Continuing his recruitment of soldiers. He believes he
should recruit as many Rhodok crossbow men, and find as many
calvarymen to compensate against his enemies.

Yet again however, he is accousted by yet more armies...

<img src="screenshots/20210708171431_1.jpg"/>

Unfortunately I cannot recount whether I actually won this or
not... All I recall is that I was not taken prisoner after the first
time. After the scars of March and Feburary, Sean continues his goal
of recruiting more and more men.

This episode concludes with the final party composition:

<img src="screenshots/20210708172225_1.jpg"/>

This is going to be a very rough recovery.
